Stay away from him
Why does Mr. Gu seem to be protecting me?
But he didn't misunderstand me and Mr. Shen
Mr. Gu, I will chat with him
I didn't dare to touch my hair
It is not suitable for Mr. Chen to come to our company to poach people, right?
Mr. Gu, I'm kidding
Like yesterday when I called you
That's a joke
If you don't believe me, ask him.
Ask me what?
Why don't you come to the office with me?
Lucy, I said the wrong thing on the phone yesterday
You made Mr. Gu angry
The cooperation is terminated
You have to testify for me?
What evidence?
I didn't touch you!
Just let you have a drink
It turns out that Mr. Gu misunderstood Mr. Shen and bullied me
Misunderstanding, so yesterday in the hospital he asked me if it hurt
In fact, it was a misunderstanding that I was detained by Mr. Shen
Yeah, I really haven't touched a finger.
Then what are you talking about?
Don't you misunderstand my innocence?
I also want to make a joke with Mr. Gu
Who would have thought he would take it seriously?
Is that funny?
apologize
I'm so sorry like him